as an official all the ice and a
supervisor and administrator off of it
David tavarov has seen and done it all
in the game for more than 40 years one
of the most respected officials anywhere
David is this year's recipient of the
hockey canada officiating award from the
first time he stepped on the ice as a
linesman in 1972 David quickly earned
the trust and respect of those around
him taking over as referee in chief in
the town of Mount Royal just three years
later he held that position until
nineteen eighty-three when he moved up
to become referee in chief unalaq's a
lui region Sita set a pocket David on
tape izakaya comes urged alingo
centenary dokie cinemas ok Becky aqui el
pasito Giulio de la que le paga p
DeMille mattresses on agree on eliminate
were def not Enceladus Alma tOA's
oficial de lys to a la liga tanto a
plateau he also spent 13 years working
games in the American Hockey League and
was selected to officiate at the 1993
world junior championship in Sweden
giving him a chance to work with and
learn from some of the best officials in
the game but David's impact on the
officiating world is more than just his
own eyes career from his earliest days
on the ice david has worked as an
instructor and supervisor with young
officials both locally and provincially
ensuring the quality of the officiating
kept up with a quality of the on-ice
product he sat on hockey Quebec's
instructors committee from 1992 2005
he's been a member of their officiating
committee since 2005 and he's been a
part of hockey Canada's officiating
development committee since the late
1990s sharing his knowledge at a
national level Sookie empathy and
appreciate David's aquila pavane about
seven career sikkim oficial tan sola pet
Inuvik Alex tired slc Teutonic Apollo
pasta template director de pacquiao
Zelda level the code selleck Iraqis
Ahmad accomplice edad de l'association
Canadian typical wazee noggin is my
national kiss Atkins alcala plenary
sessions potential Conley pocketed was
Yoda contribu a las animas medical minus
take
david is a true leader of hockey
officiating in canada his ability to
make officials and officiating programs
better is truly amazing his
contributions to developing officials
his attention to detail and his vision
of making officiating better for the
game of hockey makes him an ideal
recipient ladies and gentlemen the
winner of this year's Hockey Canada
officiating award David tavarov
you